We ran a ZAP security scan on http://localhost:9090, and it found a few things we might want to fix. Nothing critical, but definitely some stuff worth patching up.
What’s Going On?
1.	Some security headers are missing
o	Our Content Security Policy (CSP) isn't set properly. This means the site might be open to things like Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks.
o	Clickjacking protection is missing (no X-Frame-Options or CSP frame-ancestors set). If an attacker embeds the site inside another one, they could trick users into clicking things they shouldn’t.
2.	Our jQuery version is outdated
o	We’re using jQuery 3.2.1, which has known security flaws. Best to update to the latest version.
3.	Weak password policy
o	We can generate easy passwords, including ones as short as a single character. This makes the system extremely vulnerable to brute-force attacks.
4.	File upload issue
o	We are unable to upload files, which might indicate a broken or misconfigured file upload functionality.
5.	Cookies and response headers need tweaking
o	Some cookies are missing the SameSite attribute, which means they might be vulnerable to Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF).
o	The server is leaking info via the X-Powered-By header, which hackers could use to figure out what tech stack we’re using.
o	The X-Content-Type-Options header is missing, so browsers might try to "guess" file types, leading to security issues.
What We Can Do
✅ Set up a strong Content Security Policy (CSP) to restrict what gets loaded on the site.
✅ Add X-Frame-Options: DENY or frame-ancestors in CSP to block clickjacking attacks.
✅ Update jQuery to the latest stable version.
✅ Strengthen password requirements by enforcing longer and more complex passwords.
✅ Fix the file upload issue by reviewing server-side restrictions and permissions.
✅ Set SameSite=Strict on cookies to prevent CSRF attacks.
✅ Remove or modify X-Powered-By headers to avoid giving away too much info.
✅ Add X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff to prevent browsers from misinterpreting file types.
Bottom Line
No high-risk threats here, but we’ve got a few medium and low-risk vulnerabilities to patch up. The weak password policy and file upload issue are definitely things to fix ASAP

